docs(tutorial): review tutorials week 22 (#637)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/pihole-vpn/index.mdx

## Deploying the Instance

> 1. Login to your Scaleway Console and [create a new Instance](https://console.scaleway.com/instance/servers/create). For this tutorial we use a `DEV1-S` instance running on Ubuntu Focal Fossa (20.04 LTS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your Scaleway Console and [create a new Instance](https://console.scaleway.com/instance/servers/create). For this tutorial we use a `DEV1-S` instance running on Ubuntu Focal Fossa (20.04 LTS).
```
